-*-indented-text-*-

This directory contains support utilities and for managing and
converting listproc.  In all cases, the begining of the script file
will contain instructions on how it should be used.


add_footer          Sample script to add a standard footer to outgoing
					list messages.

convert.pl          Perl script that will take as input your listproc
		            6.0 config and owners file and generate a suitable
		            init command that can be sent to listproc and a
		            file containing the necessary aliases to insert in
		            your system alias file.

cycle-mbox          Listproc preserves all incomming list mail in
			        $LPDIR/LIST-ALIAS/mbox.  This file can and will
			        grow.  This script should be run out of cron (I
			        recommend once per week) and rotates the file as
			        mbox.0, mbox.1 ... for a total of five weeks (if
			        run weekely) of logs.

dual_digests		Create non-MIME digests from the partial MIME
					digests in the list directories.  This should be
					run if you are upgrading from ListProc versions
					prior to 8.1a.

fix_tag_id			Create valid .tag.id files for all lists.
					ListProc versions 8.0 and above use seperate tag
					ID numbers for messages on moderated lists.  This
					script searches through any messages that are
					still waiting to be approved and/or discarded, and
					creates a list-specific .tag.id file that will
					ensure unique tag IDs for new messages.  This
					script should be run if you are upgrading from
					versions 7.X.

force_digests		This sends out list digests for all lists with
					partial digests.  This should be run when
					upgrading from ListProc versions 7.X to
					accommodate the MIME digest format used
					starting with version 8.0.

lsv_conv_list.pl    This utility converts a VM Listserv subscribers file
					into listproc format.  It preserves all the user
					options.

lsv_conv_logs.pl    This utility converts VM Listserv logs into a format
                    suitable for listproc archives.  It changes the
                    logs to Unix mbox format and places them, using
                    farch, into the archive directory.

procs               Count all of the ListProc processes currently 
					running.

remove_list			Removes a ListProc list.

samples				Directory with sample files for shell init scripts
				    and other things

ulock				Clean up ListProc's lockfiles and directories.  

